# CCIEA ESR Technical Documentation


**About the California Current Integrated Ecosystem Assessment (CCIEA)
Ecosystem Status Report (ESR)**

- **CCIEA Web pages:**
  <https://www.integratedecosystemassessment.noaa.gov/regions/california-current>
- **Ecosystem Status Reports:**
  <https://www.integratedecosystemassessment.noaa.gov/regions/california-current/california-current-reports>

<hr>

**Where to find the Technical Documentation**

- **Version:** FY 2025 (reporting on data from 2024)
- **Technical Documentation Web page:**
  <https://cciea-esr.github.io/ESR-Technical-Documentation-FY2025/>
- **Download pdf:**
  \<https://github.com/CCIEA-esr/ESR-Technical-Documentation-FY2025/blob/main/docs/CCIEA-ESR-Technical-Documentation.pdfZ

<hr>

The purpose of this document is to collate the methods used to access,
collect, process, and analyze derived data (“indicators”) used to
describe the status and trend of social, economic, ecological, and
biological conditions in the California Current Large Marine Ecosystem
(see figure, below). These indicators are further synthesized in
Ecosystem Status Reports produced annually by the Northwest and
Southwest Fisheries Science Centers for the Pacific Fisheries Management
Council. The metadata for each indicator (in accordance with the Public
Access to Research Results (PARR) directive) and the methods used to
construct each indicator are described in the subsequent chapters, with
each chapter title corresponding to an indicator or analysis present in
Ecoystem Status Reports. The PDF version of this document is for
archiving only. The PDF version from previous years is archived in
NOAA’s Institutional Repository.

Chapters of this document are organized similarly to the structure of
the Ecosystem Status Report (i.e. one “chapter” of the technical
documentation per section of the ESR), but also include sections
encompassing indicators that no longer are published in the most current
version of the ESR document.
